docs: improving getting started docs for `mainnet` (#3500)
FuelLabs/fuels-ts: README.md

# fuels-ts

Typescript SDK for Fuel.

[![test](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuels-ts/actions/workflows/test.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuels-ts/actions/workflows/test.yaml)
[![docs](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-fuels.ts-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](https://docs.fuel.network/docs/fuels-ts/)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/fuels)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/fuels)
[![discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/chat%20on-discord-orange?&logo=discord&logoColor=ffffff&color=7389D8&labelColor=6A7EC2)](https://discord.gg/xfpK4Pe)

# Install ([docs](https://docs.fuel.network/docs/fuels-ts/getting-started/installation))

```console
npm install fuels --save
```

# Connect ([docs](https://docs.fuel.network/docs/fuels-ts/getting-started/connecting-to-the-network/))

| Network   | URL                                                                                                              |
| --------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | Mainnet   | `https://testnet.fuel.network/v1/graphql`                                                                       |
> | Testnet   | `https://mainnet.fuel.network/v1/graphql`                                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Mainnet   | `https://mainnet.fuel.network/v1/graphql`                                                                       |
| Testnet   | `https://testnet.fuel.network/v1/graphql`                                                                       |
```

| Localhost | [Running a local Fuel node](https://docs.fuel.network/docs/fuels-ts/getting-started/running-a-local-fuel-node/) |

```ts
import { Provider } from 'fuels';

const NETWORK_URL = 'https://mainnet.fuel.network/v1/graphql';

const provider = await Provider.create(NETWORK_URL);

> const baseAssetId = provider.getBaseAssetId();
> const chainId = provider.getChainId();
> const gasConfig = provider.getGasConfig();

Author: ```suggestion
const chainId = provider.getChainId();
const gasConfig = provider.getGasConfig();
const baseAssetId = provider.getBaseAssetId();
```

console.log('chainId', chainId);
console.log('baseAssetId', baseAssetId);

> console.log('gasConfig', gasConfig);

Author: ``` suggestion
console.log({ chainId, gasConfig, baseAssetId });
```

```ts
import { Provider, Wallet } from "fuels";

const NETWORK = "https://mainnet.fuel.network/v1/graphql";

const provider = await Provider.create(NETWORK);
const wallet = Wallet.fromAddress("0x...", provider);

const { balances } = await wallet.getBalances();

console.log("Balances", balances);
```

# Create a new dApp ([docs](https://docs.fuel.network/docs/fuels-ts/creating-a-fuel-dapp/))

```console
$ npm create fuels

◇ What is the name of your project? #
│ my-fuel-project
└

⚡️ Success! Created a fullstack Fuel dapp at: my-fuel-project.
```

# Enjoy the `fuels` CLI ([docs](https://docs.fuel.network/docs/fuels-ts/fuels-cli/))

- [`fuels init`](https://docs.fuel.network/docs/fuels-ts/fuels-cli/commands#fuels-init) — Creates a new `fuels.config.ts` file
- [`fuels build`](https://docs.fuel.network/docs/fuels-ts/fuels-cli/commands#fuels-build) — Build `forc` workspace and generate Typescript types for everything
- [`fuels deploy`](https://docs.fuel.network/docs/fuels-ts/fuels-cli/commands#fuels-deploy) — Deploy workspace contracts and save their IDs to JSON file

> - [`fuels dev`](https://docs.fuel.network/docs/fuels-ts/fuels-cli/commands#fuels-dev) — Start local Fuel Core _node_ and `build` + `deploy` on every file change

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`fuels dev`](https://docs.fuel.network/docs/fuels-ts/fuels-cli/commands#fuels-dev) — Start a Fuel node with hot-reload capabilities
```

Nit
